# Meeting 2015-09-17

## Agenda


### Web Development


#### Meeting with Dr. Mitra


Person A and B are going to talk with Dr. Mitra approximately once a week about
integrating more web development stuff into 319.

They will both sort of "compare notes" about things that seem important
(e.g. Dr. Mitra: Swing stuff and how it relates to threading, students: REST
API stuff) and work towards converging on an updated curriculum that both
sides are ok with.


Ideas:
    * the 319 "portolios" could be one of the routes for integrating web stuff
    * the portfolios could build on each other (e.g. first one is backend,
      next is an UI, etc.)
        * NOTE: Dr. Mitra may not like this (he seems to favor a collection
          of smaller, independent projects)


Next steps:
    * People who are interested will come up with a list of web development
      topics that they think is important and then present this to the
      group.


### Town Hall Meeting(s)


We should send out a (few?) highly-specific survey, and maybe take a few
during the meeting to ask attendees to fill it out.

We should make sure and talk about two new initiaitives that are already
happening, i.e.:

    1. SE Learning Community
    2. (Potential) SE Grad Program


### Position Papers for Core Initiatives


David: we need to draft initial position papers for our core initiatives.
The audience for these papers is both the attendees of the townhall meetings
as well as faculty (primarily probably the faculty).

Audience of these papers is faculty, and the goals are:
    * "make them do stuff" (lol)
    * statethe problem
    * motivate the problem
    * show a consistent position
    * get feedback
    * give context ahead of potential (faculty) meetings


#### Code Literacy


CodeLit team is going to draft an initial problem statement and list
of solutions/stuff to do.


#### Web Development Principles


WebDev team is working on developing a list of their initiatives and will
post it on GitHub.
